docs: update auth docs + add new storefront guides (#9020)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/resources/app/commerce-modules/auth/authentication-route/page.mdx

3. Once the authentication with the third-party service finishes, it redirects back to the frontend with a `code` query parameter. So, make sure your third-party service is configured to redirect to your frontend page after successful authentication.
4. The frontend sends a request to the [Callback Route](#callback-route) passing the `code` query parameter.
5. If the callback validation is successful, the frontend receives the authentication token.
6. Decode the received token in the frontend using tools like [react-jwt](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-jwt).
    - If the decoded data has an `actor_id` property, then the user is already registered. So, use this token for subsequent authenticated requests.
    - If not, follow the rest of the steps.
7. The frontend uses the authentication token to create the user with their respective API route.
    - For example, for customers you would use the [Create Customer API route](!api!/store#customers_postcustomers).
    - For admin users, you accept an invite using the [Accept Invite API route](!api!/admin#invites_postinvitesaccept)

> 8. The frontend sends a request to the [Refresh Token Route](#refresh-token-route) to retrieve a new token for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The frontend sends a request to the [Refresh Token Route](#refresh-token-route) to retrieve a new token with the user information populated.
```

> After the first registration, you only use the [Auth Route](#auth-route) for subsequent authentication.

Reviewer: Same here as above, we always use the callback
